---
layout: post
title:  "One Week To Go"
author: Mollie &amp; Nick
image: /img/blog/one_week_excited.jpg
image_alt: We're so excited - one week til our wedding!
---

We're so excited to welcome our friends and family to Pikeville less than a week from now! Here are a few last-minutes notes for all of you:

### Hotels

We have a couple remaining hotels rooms that will be released on Monday. If you need a spot, please contact Frank or Dave this weekend!

### Attire

You've got questions, we've got answers. Here are the [attire recommendations](http://emilypost.com/advice/attire-guide-dress-codes-from-casual-to-white-tie/) for our wedding weekend events.

__Welcome Party__: Casual to Dressy Casual (Jeans, dress shirt, polo, dressy blouse, sundress)

__Wedding & Reception__: Semiformal (Suit, Tie, Short Cocktail Dress, Dressy Separates)

### Welcome Party

What's that, you say? Welcome Party? Yep! On Friday night, after the bridal party finishes the rehearsal and a small dinner, Mama and Papa Such are hosting a party for all those who are traveling into Pikeville for our wedding. The Welcome Party begins at 6pm at [Bit Source](http://bitsourceky.com/), [375 Hambley Blvd, Pikeville, KY 41501](https://www.google.com/maps/place/375+Hambley+Blvd,+Pikeville,+KY+41501/@37.4829221,-82.5307004,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x88456b635d0c4e5b:0x9a7e083fbc1f3525). We'll have BBQ, drinks, and games. Come any time that evening, stay as long as you'd like. Many thanks to family friends Rusty Justice and Lynn Parrish for making their venue available!

### What's the schedule again?

__Friday, April 15th__

6pm: Welcome Party at Bit Source (375 Hambley Blvd)

__Saturday, April 16th__

2:30pm: Wedding at St. Francis (137 Bryan St)

5:00pm: Reception at Green Meadow Country Club (6887 N Mayo Trl)